GET UP, SILVER CROW!
I'LL DEAL WITH THIS ONE.
YOU DEAL WITH YOUR ENEMY.
DEFEAT DUSK TAKER!
RIGHT!
(laughing)
YOU REALLY ARE
A NAUSEATING GROUP OF PEOPLE.
THIS WHOLE CHARADE ABOUT
THE BONDS OF FRIENDSHIP--
HOW MUCH LONGER DO YOU INTEND
TO KEEP BUYING THAT CRAP?
BECAUSE I'VE HAD IT!
I'M GOING TO SLOWLY
TORTURE EACH OF YOU,
THEN WATCH YOU DIE...
JUST LIKE I DID TO HIM.
(laughing)
SORRY, BUT...
YOU'VE MADE
A BIG MISTAKE, NOMI.
AW, IS THAT SO?
AND HOW'S THAT?
YOU'VE BEEN MISTAKEN
ABOUT EVERYTHING
FROM THE VERY
BEGINNING.
ALL YOU HAD TO DO
ON YOUR FIRST DAY
AT SCHOOL
WAS CHALLENGE
ONE OF US--
ANY OF US--
TO A DUEL
AND THEN INTRODUCE
YOURSELF.
IF YOU HAD DONE THAT,
YOU COULD'VE GOTTEN
THE ONE THING YOU
HAD ALWAYS WANTED--
AND THAT'S FRIENDSHIP.
THE REAL WORLD
HAS LEFT SCARS
ON EACH OF US,
AND THE DESIRE
TO HAVE FRIENDS
IS SOMETHING
WE ALL SHARE.
HOLD ON.
LET ME MAKE SURE
I UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
BECAUSE YOU FEEL SORRY
FOR ME, YOU WANT TO BE
MY FRIEND?
YOU'RE GONNA WHAT--
REACH OUT AND TRY
AND SAVE ME?
NO. IT'S CLEAR
THAT YOU AND I
WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND
EACH OTHER.
SO COME ON,
SEIJI NOMI.
LET'S FINISH THIS!
I'M SO GLAD TO HEAR
YOU FEEL THAT WAY.
YES, HARUYUKI ARITA,
LET'S END THIS,
SHALL WE?
BECAUSE THE ONLY
FLYING AVATAR
THIS WORLD TRULY NEEDS
IS ME!
ARMOR UP!
GALE THRUSTER!
(screaming)
AAAH! LASER SWORD!
UHH!
CREATE THE IMAGE.
RECHARGE THE THRUSTER!
(grunting)
COME ON, VISUALIZE IT!
(screaming)
OH, NO, YOU DON'T!
NOW GO!
LASER SWORD!
AAAAH!
COME ON, PUSH IT!
JUST A LITTLE MORE!
ONE MORE PUSH...
AND I'VE GOT HIM!
(gasping)
KEEP GOING, MR. CROW.
YOU'RE ALMOST THERE.
THAT'S RIGHT,
DON'T GIVE UP.
YOU'RE
ALMOST THERE.
(bothscreaming)
NO!
ONE MORE STRIKE,
AND HE'LL BE FINISHED!
CITRON...
( gasps)
(grunting)
CALL!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
CHIYU!
(grunting)
HA HA! HER OBEDIENCE
IS PRETTY IMPRESSIVE,
RIGHT?
THIS IS WHAT IT MEANS
TO BE IN POWER.
FRIENDS? FRIENDSHIP?
USELESS.
WHO NEEDS 'EM?!
HOW I'VE WAITED
FOR THIS MOMENT.
NOW DIE, SILVER CROW!
(bothgasp)
MY WINGS!
(gasps)
(crying)
WELCOME BACK.
THANK YOU.
HARUYUKI...
THANK GOODNESS.
IT WORKED.
IMPOSSIBLE.
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S GET THIS DONE!
FULL POWER!
( bothscreaming)
(shuddering)
HOW--HOW DID YOU TAKE
MY WINGS?
Chiyuri: BECAUSE
AS IT TURNS OUT,
MY ABILITY ISN'T
ACTUALLY HEALING.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
IT ALWAYS DID SEEM
A LITTLE ODD TO ME.
I MEAN, WHY DID MY AVATAR
COME WITH HEALING POWERS?
BUT WHEN YOU FORCED ME
TO HEAL YOU FOR
THE FIRST TIME,
I REALIZED SOMETHING,
AND IT STARTED TO MAKE
A LOT MORE SENSE.
SEE, NOT ONLY WERE
YOUR WOUNDS HEALED,
BUT YOUR WEAPONS
WERE FULLY RESTORED
AS WELL, WHICH WAS ODD.
THAT'S WHEN IT HIT ME.
MY ABILITY ISN'T
HEALING AT ALL.
IT'S ACTUALLY THE POWER
TO TURN BACK TIME.
I KNEW IF I KEPT
USING IT,
EVENTUALLY HARU WOULD
GET HIS WINGS BACK.
I FIGURED I COULD GET TO
THE POINT IN THE TIMELINE
BEFORE SILVER CROW
HAD HIS ABILITIES STOLEN
AND MAKE IT LIKE
NONE OF THIS EVER HAPPENED.
THE ONLY REASON
I OBEYED YOU UP UNTIL NOW
WAS TO INCREASE THE LEVEL
OF MY SPECIAL MOVE
SO I COULD TURN BACK TIME
EVEN FURTHER.
EVERYTHING I DID
WAS FOR THIS ONE
SINGLE CHANCE.
I PLAYED YOU, NOMI.
I WAS NEVER ON YOUR SIDE
TO BEGIN WITH.
(laughs)
UNBELIEVABLE.
YOU GUYS REALLY ARE
RIDICULOUS.
EVERY SINGLE ONE
OF YOU MAKES ME SICK.
I'M LEAVING.
AND ONCE I'M GONE,
THE FIRST THING
I'M GONNA DO
IS LEAK YOUR REAL
IDENTITIES EVERYWHERE.
LET SOMEONE ELSE
DEAL WITH YOU.
VICE! COME ON,
HURRY UP!
GET ME OUT OF HERE!
GIVE THE CURRENT SITUATION,
MR. TAKER,
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S POSSIBLE.
WELL, THEN DO
SOMETHING!
IF YOU DON'T, I'LL
SPILL EVERYTHING,
ON BOTH THE
RESEARCH SOCIETY
AND THE BRAIN
IMPLANT CHIP!
I HIGHLY DOUBT THAT.
ONCE BRAIN BURST
UNINSTALLS ITSELF,
THE CHIP IS PROGRAMMED
TO SENSE THIS
AND DISSOLVE INTO
YOUR CEREBROSPINAL FLUID.
IT'S THIS LITTLE BIT
OF INSURANCE THAT
GUARANTEES A PAST PLAYER
WILL NEVER REVEAL ANYTHING
ABOUT BRAIN BURST
TO THE WORLD.
BUT I'M SURE
YOU KNOW THAT.
AND, AS SUCH,
I WILL BE GOING NOW.
YOU SEE, I HAVE
NO PERSONAL GRUDGE
AGAINST ANY OF YOU,
NOR AM I INTERESTED
IN LEARNING YOUR
REAL IDENTITIES.
BUT MOST OF ALL,
I'VE LEARNED MY LESSON
THAT MESSING WITH
THE BLACK KING
AND HER PEOPLE
IS A VERY UNWISE MOVE.
I BID YOU FAREWELL.
HE GOT AWAY.
DAMN IT!
DAMN IT, DAMN IT!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
I REFUSE TO ACCEPT THIS!
SOMEONE HELP ME!
ANYBODY!
WHAT DO YOU WANT? POINTS?
I'LL GIVE YOU SOME!
HARU, I THINK
WE'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
DAMN IT!NO!NO!
DON'T! I'LL GIVE YOU
ALL THE POINTS I HAVE!
AND IF YOU WANT,
I'LL EVEN JOIN YOUR LEGION!
JUST PLEASE--OHH!
NO! PLEASE!
DON'T TAKE IT AWAY
FROM ME!
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE
MY POWER!
MY ACCELERATION--NO!
NO! NO!
DON'T!
(grunting)
AAAAAH!
Kuroyukihime:
HARUYUKI...
SENPAI. SENPAI, I--
(crying)
YOU DID SPLENDIDLY.
WHEN I'M BACK IN TOKYO,
YOU CAN FILL ME IN
WITH ALL THE DETAILS.
YOU DID WELL YOURSELF,
TAKUMU.
SAME WITH YOU, KURASHIMA--
I MEAN...CHIYURI.
(allsigh)
YOU HAVE MY HEARTFELT
GRATITUDE.
IF YOU HADN'T
NOTIFIED ME,
I WOULD'VE NEVER
BEEN ABLE TO
GET HERE IN TIME.
HUH?
YOU TOLD HER?
WELL, YOU SEE,
I WAS WORRIED
THAT YOU WERE BOTH
BEING SO STUBBORN
THAT IT WAS GONNA
GET YOU KILLED.
SO WHEN A SUDDEN-DEATH DUEL
WAS DECIDED,
I EMAILED SENPAI
AND TOLD HER EVERYTHING.
HUH?!
SHE REPLIED SAYING THAT
AS SOON AS I COULD TELL HER
THE EXACT TIME AND PLACE,
SHE'D GET THERE
AS QUICKLY AS SHE COULD.
I WAS JUST SITTING THERE
STRESSING OUT,
UNTIL FINALLY I WAS ABLE
TO SEND HER THE DETAILS.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
SORRY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR EVERYTHING!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU RODE 15 HOURS
TO COME AND HELP US.
WHEN I SAW YOU
ABOVE THE ROOFTOPS,
I WAS SO HAPPY.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW MUCH THAT
MEANT TO ME.
I MAY HAVE OVERDONE IT A BIT
ON MY ENTRANCE.
THANKS, CHIYU.
TAKU AND I WOULD'VE
DEFINITELY LOST
ON OUR OWN.
I MEAN IT.
THANK YOU.
(groans)
OH, JEEZ. ALL RIGHT.
IT'S CLEAR THAT SOMEONE
NEEDS TO LOOK AFTER
THE TWO OF YOU,
SO I GUESS I'LL BE
JOINING NEGA NEBULOUS, TOO.
HUH?
THAT OKAY WITH YOU,
SENPAI?
OF COURSE.
(laughs)
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
LET'S ALL GET BACK
TO THE REAL WORLD.
(allsigh)
I WOULDN'T HAVE
EXPECTED YOU TO COME UP
WITH A PLAN LIKE THAT
IN A MILLION YEARS.
YEAH, ME, NEITHER.
IF YOU HAD JUST
TOLD US WHAT YOU WERE
DOING FROM THE START,
WE WOULDN'T HAVE
BEEN SO STRESSED.
I TOLD YOU GUYS--
IF MY PLAN WAS
GONNA WORK,
I ONLY HAD
ONE SHOT AT IT.
IF NOMI HAD PLANTED
SOME KIND OF LISTENING
DEVICE ON ME
OR A VIDEO CAMERA,
I COULDN'T RISK IT.
EVERYTHING WOULD'VE
BEEN ALL OVER.
UH, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT YOU THOUGHT OF
ALL THESE DETAILS.
ARE YOU
REALLY CHIYU?
HUH?! WHAT THE HECK
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?!
OH!
WHAT HAPPENED?
ARE YOU OKAY?
(sobbing)
TAKU, I DID
MY VERY BEST.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW DIFFICULT
IT WAS,
BUT I NEVER QUIT.
WE KNOW.
AND WE'RE GRATEFUL
THAT YOU DIDN'T,
CHIYU. THANK YOU.
( sobbing )
I LOVE YOU, GUYS!
I LOVE YOU!I LOVE YOU!
CHIYU!
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING
YOU DID FOR ME
DURING THIS TRIP.
I HAD A REALLY
GOOD TIME.
SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
YEAH, SEE YA.
AND I CAN'T WAIT
TO OPEN YOUR PRESENT
AND SEE WHAT IT IS.
SAME HERE.
Haru:AND THEN SOMEHOW
I MANAGED TO BREAK FREE
FROM THE GRIP
BLACK VICE HAD ON ME.
BUT BY THEN,
I WAS COMPLETELY SPENT.
I THOUGHT, "THAT'S IT,
WE'RE DONE FOR."
THEN I LOOKED UP
AND YOU WERE THERE.
I SEE. WELL,
I MUST BE HONEST--
WHEN YOU SUMMONED
THAT ENHANCED ARMAMENT
AND IT TURNED OUT
TO BE GALE THRUSTER,
I THOUGHT FOR SURE
MY HEART WOULD STOP.
OF ALL PEOPLE,
I NEVER DREAMED
SHE WOULD TEACH YOU
THE INCARNATE SYSTEM.
YEAH, I'M SORRY.
I GUESS THAT WAS
KIND OF SELFISH.
I SHOULD'VE ASKED
YOUR PERMISSION FIRST.
IT'S FINE. I DOUBT
I WOULD'VE BEEN
A GOOD TEACHER ANYWAY.
CHANCES ARE,
I WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN
STRICT ENOUGH WITH YOU.
YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE
THE THINGS SHE DID TO ME!
WE WERE AT THE VERY TOP
OF THE TOKYO TOWER,
AND SHE JUST PUSHED ME OFF
WITHOUT A WARNING.
HA! THAT SOUNDS
JUST LIKE HER.
HA HA HA!
UM...HUH?
UHH!
S-S-S-SENPAI!
I'VE WANTED TO DO THIS
FOR SO LONG--
EVER SINCE I HEARD
YOU LOST YOUR WINGS,
BUT STILL DID YOUR BEST
TO NOT GIVE UP,
TO TRY AND FACE HIM
REGARDLESS.
I WANTED TO HOLD YOU
JUST LIKE THIS.
I KNOW HOW HARD
IT MUST'VE BEEN.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
I WISH I COULD'VE BEEN
THERE BY YOUR SIDE
DURING IT ALL.
I'M SO SORRY I WASN'T.
I FAILED YOU
AS A GUARDIAN.
NO. I'M THE ONE
WHO'S SORRY...
FOR ALL THE WORRYING
I MUST'VE CAUSED YOU.
I WAS WORRIED!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
JUST HOW MUCH!
I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW SCARED I WAS,
NOT KNOWING
WHAT I WOULD DO
IF I LOST YOU.
IT WAS ABSOLUTELY
TERRIFYING!
(groaning)
OH, RIGHT. I STILL
HAVE A REWARD
TO GIVE YOU.
YOU WON TODAY'S
TERRITORY BATTLE,
RIGHT?
I GAVE YOU MY WORD.
I SAID I'D GRANT YOU
ONE WISH,
JUST SO LONG AS YOU
PROTECTED SUGINAMI
WITH YOUR LIFE.
(thinking)
SENPAI, I'M GOING
TO GET STRONGER--
I PROMISE YOU--
SO THAT I CAN PROTECT YOU
FROM ANY ENEMY
THAT CROSSES YOUR PATH.
BUT UNTIL THEN,
STAY WITH ME,
KEEP WATCHING OVER ME
AND GUIDING ME--
AS MY TEACHER,
MY LEGION MASTER AND...
AS MY GUARDIAN.
JUST STAY BY MY SIDE.
ALWAYS BE THERE,
NO MATTER WHAT.
SAY YES! THAT'S ALL I'M
ASKING FROM YOU, SENPAI.
UH...ARE YOU--
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?!
HAVE YOU COMPLETELY
LOST YOUR MIND?!
HUH?
AAH!N-N-NO!
YOU'VE GOT IT ALL WRONG!
I D-DIDN'T MEAN IT
LIKE THAT, I SWEAR!
OKAY, THEN.
I PROMISE YOU...
I'LL BE BY YOUR SIDE
NO MATTER WHAT...
FOR ALL ETERNITY.
HIT ME, ARITA!
COME ON, DO IT!
PUNCH ME IN THE FACE!
THAT'S REALLY
NOT NECESSARY.
PLUS, THERE ARE
SECURITY CAMERAS
EVERYWHERE.
ARITA!
I'M SO, SO SORRY!
IF YOU WANT TO HIT ME,
TOO, THAT'S FINE.
NO, I WANT YOU TO!
NO, IT'S FINE!
JUST STOP!
THIS IS ALL SENPAI'S DOING!
SHE HACKED INTO THE
LOST-AND-FOUND SITE AND ADDED
NOMI'S CAMERA TO THE LIST.
I MEAN, I'M GLAD THAT IT'S
CLEARED MY NAME AND ALL,
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT IT WOULD
LEAD TO SOMETHING LIKE THIS!
NOMI.
HEY, UH...NOMI.
HMM? YES?
IS THERE SOMETHING
I CAN DO FOR YOU?
UM, IT'S...ME.
YOU KNOW--ARITA.
HARUYUKI ARITA.
REMEMBER?
ARITA SENPAI?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
WE PLAYED AN ONLINE GAME
TOGETHER, DIDN'T WE?
UH, YEAH. EXACTLY.
HMM, LET'S SEE.
THAT GAME...
WHAT WAS THE NAME
OF IT AGAIN?
(gasps)
Niko:CRAZY, RIGHT?
WHEN BRAIN BURST
DISAPPEARS,
SO DO ALL THE MEMORIES
YOU HAVE THAT ARE
ASSOCIATED WITH IT.
THAT'S ONE OF
THE MAIN REASONS
THE ACCELERATED WORLD
HAS BEEN ABLE TO HIDE
ITS EXISTENCE FOR SO LONG.
BUT HOW IS THAT
EVEN TECHNICALLY
POSSIBLE--
AN APPLICATION
THAT'S ABLE TO REMOVE
A PERSON'S MEMORIES?
BEATS ME.
BUT NOW YOU GUYS KNOW
THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE
LIKE THAT, RIGHT?
MEGUMI.
YOU ASK ME,
YOU JUST GOTTA FORGET
THE TECHNICAL STUFF
AND ACCEPT THAT'S
THE WAY IT IS FOR NOW.
YOU AGREE?
YEAH, BUT--
NO, SHE'S RIGHT.
TALKING ABOUT IS USELESS.
THE ONLY WAY ANYONE CAN
REALLY KNOW FOR CERTAIN
IS TO REACH LEVEL 10.
THEN YOU CAN ASK THE CREATOR
OF BRAIN BURST YOURSELF.
YEP, EXACTLY.
WE'VE GOTTA REACH THE END.
I MEAN, WE ARE
BURST LINKERS.
OKAY, YOU GUYS
CAN FILL ME IN
ON ALL THE JUICY DETAILS
NEXT TIME.
BYE.
WHOO-HOO!
WHAT ABOUT CHI?
SHOULD WE TELL HER?
I THINK IT'S BEST
IF SHE DOESN'T
KNOW THIS JUST YET.
YEAH, YOU'RE
PROBABLY RIGHT.
OKAY, I'VE GOTTA
GET GOING NOW.
ONE THING IS FOR SURE--
EVEN IF I FORGET ABOUT
THE ACCELERATED WORLD,
I KNOW FOR A FACT,
HARUYUKI,
THAT I WILL NEVER
FORGET YOU.
I FEEL THE SAME.
I KNOW I'M NOT GONNA
FORGET YOU, EITHER--
EVEN IF I CAN'T REMEMBER
ANYTHING ELSE.
I BELIEVE YOU.
WELL, THEN...
I GUESS THAT'S IT.
THIS CASE
IS FINALLY OVER.
NOT QUITE.
HMM?
I MADE A PROMISE,
AND I STILL NEED
TO SEE IT THROUGH.
HUH?
SO, UM...I HAVE
YOUR WINGS HERE.
I'D LIKE TO GIVE
THEM BACK TO YOU.
THEN YOU'VE REGAINED
YOUR SILVER WINGS--
AND I GUESS, WITH THAT,
YOUR DREAMS AND HOPE.
BURST LINK.
THANK YOU FOR
RETURNING THEM.
MR. CROW,
I HAVE NO DOUBT
YOU WILL FLY TO HEIGHTS
I COULD NEVER IMAGINE.
NO MATTER WHAT,
I'LL BE ROOTING FOR YOU.
BEST OF LUCK.
HEY, UH--
SENPAI.
RAKER!
COME BACK, FUKO, PLEASE!
I NEED YOU!
PLEASE COME BACK!
(crying)
SACCHAN!
FUKO!
Haru: WE SPEND OUR LIVES
IN A SPACE
THAT LIES SOMEWHERE
BETWEEN ONE SINGLE MOMENT
AND ETERNITY.
WE MEET, AND THEN WE PART.
WE'RE ALWAYS RUSHING ABOUT,
TRYING TO GET
THE MOST OUT OF LIFE
IN A WORLD THAT IS CONSTANTLY
CHANGING AROUND US.
AND ALTHOUGH IT'S TRUE
THAT SOME THINGS WILL
NEVER CHANGE,
THERE ARE TIMES WHEN
ONE MUST CHANGE,
EVEN IF IT MEANS
LOSING SOMETHING FOREVER.
BUT THROUGH ALL OF THIS,
THERE IS ONE THING
WE'VE LEARNED--
EVEN IF WE DO CHANGE
SOMEDAY,
WE CAN STILL
START OVER AGAIN.
(singinginJapanese)
THAT'S RIGHT. AS LONG
AS WE HAVE THE WILL
TO MOVE FORWARD...
WE CAN ALWAYS ACCELERATE
AND GO EVEN FURTHER...
TO A NEW WORLD.
♪
( singing in Japanese )